Change building colours to not dark grey. 
Diagonal to lead your eye up!!!!!
You can cheese the beginning
Change the grappling hook colour uwu
kinda sad that it's done lol
have something happen!!!
put a collectable in tutorial path for incentive



Cave ceiling should have a curvy roof for cave vibe. 
The church should be twice as big. 
How to get back up. 
The manmade thing at the bottom
the mountain also feels manmade and could be 50% smaller
Add part of a semi curvy staircase
walk feels long
the church just feels small! that's the biggest thing 

sandbar surrounded by water
the thing feels like a seawall! The tide might come up further! 
Have the sea recede 
more defined sandbar path could feel good. 
the ramps could feel a little less manmade. 
look how you can traverse up a cliff
put a collectable in the pit!
Add more hidden surprises 
get a water drop sound effect
have the water recede to reveal the path. 


@channel Following up on this, here's the full HW breakdown
Read: Form, Space and Order, CH. 5 Circulation (pdf excerpt :point_up: )
Devlog:
Which space are you going to be the subject for your midterm? 
What draws you to that space? 
What mechanics will you use?
This week's reading offers a treasure trove of inspiring architectural techniques to facilitate movement through space.  Which examples and techniques presented in the book might you consider using for your midterm project?
Post in this channel:
Layout Sketch of your project.  Be as detailed and colorful with this as you'd like, but be mindful of clarity.
Print your name on the page somewhere.


ww

Tall building in the city - you can see it from the church, and also wehn you pass it - you can go back there to the higher place in the city!
You would look for those points then :D
Layout - one image - have the topdown, and then in a corner, where it's water, do an inset of the interior of the church from an isometric perspective (since it's height and x and y) - do a cross section
The main idea is to consider it like you're communicating it to someone who has to implicate the next stage of this game!
You narrate the learned mechanic. Video explains the introduced bits. 
Show when these mechanics are demo'd and explain them through the video. 
Change wall colour in other room to show that it is there and make it more apparent! 